## Application Overview

Our GUI application provides two main roles:

- **Data Science Role**: For users who intend to fine-tune new models using their project data.
- **User Role**: For users who wish to interact with pre-existing fine-tuned models within the project.

### Main Sections

1. **DataSet**  
   Users can create datasets by providing a Git repository link, authentication keys, and additional data inputs. Users can select specific files for parsing and upload a parser to break these files into logical components. The available datasets tab displays the structured JSON output of all datasets generated by the parser.

2. **Training**  
   Users can train existing models (Granite, Mistral, Llama) using available datasets, specifying parameters for training. An "Available Trained Models" tab shows training progress and lists all fine-tuned models.

3. **Inference**  
   This section enables interaction with fine-tuned models for Q&A. Users can ask questions, receive answers, regenerate questions, copy context, or save Q&A pairs in a "Saved Prompts" tab. Users can also add comments to saved prompts.

4. **Statistics**  
   Displays general statistics of available models, including context length for different models and additional data extracted from the database.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in development mode.  
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits. You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in interactive watch mode.  
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.  
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified, and the filenames include hashes.  
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc.) directly into your project so you have full control over them. All commands except `eject` will still work but will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them as needed.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).  
To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).
